docs: fix typos in README (#342)
simd-lite/simd-json: README.md

### CPU target

> To be able to take advantage of `simd-json` your system needs to be SIMD-capable. On 'x86', it will select the best SIMD feature set (`avx2` or 'sse4.2') during runtime. If 'simd-json' is compiled with SIMD support, it will disable runtime detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to take advantage of `simd-json` your system needs to be SIMD-capable. On `x86`, it will select the best SIMD feature set (`avx2` or `sse4.2`) during runtime. If `simd-json` is compiled with SIMD support, it will disable runtime detection.
```
